announceAdvancements false
blockExplosionDropDecay true
commandBlockOutput false
commandModificationBlockLimit 32768
disableElytraMovementCheck false
disablePlayerMovementCheck false
disableRaids false
doDaylightCycle false
doEntityDrops false
doFireTick false
doImmediateRespawn true
doInsomnia false
doLimitedCrafting false
doMobLoot false
doMobSpawning false
doPatrolSpawning false
doTileDrops false
doTraderSpawning false
doVinesSpread false
doWardenSpawning false
doWeatherCycle false
drowningDamage true
enderPearlsVanishOnDeath true
fallDamage true
fireDamage true
forgiveDeadPlayers true
freezeDamage true
globalSoundEvents true
keepInventory true
lavaSourceConversion false
logAdminCommands false
maxCommandChainLength 65536
maxCommandForkCount 65536
maxEntityCramming 24
mobExplosionDropDecay true
mobGriefing false
naturalRegeneration true
playersNetherPortalCreativeDelay 0
playersNetherPortalDefaultDelay 80
playersSleepingPercentage 0
projectilesCanBreakBlocks true
randomTickSpeed 3
reducedDebugInfo false
sendCommandFeedback false
showDeathMessages true
snowAccumulationHeight 1
spawnChunkRadius 2
spawnRadius 10
spectatorsGenerateChunks true
tntExplosionDropDecay false
universalAnger false
waterSourceConversion true
