announceAdvancements false
blockExplosionDropDecay true
commandBlockOutput false
commandModificationBlockLimit 32768
disableElytraMovementCheck false
disablePlayerMovementCheck false
disableRaids false
doDaylightCycle true
doEntityDrops true
doFireTick true
doImmediateRespawn false
doInsomnia true
doLimitedCrafting false
doMobLoot true
doMobSpawning true
doPatrolSpawning true
doTileDrops true
doTraderSpawning true
doVinesSpread true
doWardenSpawning true
doWeatherCycle true
drowningDamage true
enderPearlsVanishOnDeath true
fallDamage true
fireDamage true
forgiveDeadPlayers true
freezeDamage true
globalSoundEvents true
keepInventory false
lavaSourceConversion false
logAdminCommands false
maxCommandChainLength 65536
maxCommandForkCount 65536
maxEntityCramming 24
mobExplosionDropDecay true
mobGriefing true
naturalRegeneration true
playersNetherPortalCreativeDelay 0
playersNetherPortalDefaultDelay 80
playersSleepingPercentage 0
projectilesCanBreakBlocks true
randomTickSpeed 3
reducedDebugInfo false
sendCommandFeedback false
showDeathMessages true
snowAccumulationHeight 1
spawnChunkRadius 2
spawnRadius 10
spectatorsGenerateChunks true
tntExplosionDropDecay false
universalAnger false
waterSourceConversion true
